Profiler .NET - Add an explicit comment on "configuring environment variables at machine level (#13676)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiler/enabling/dotnet.md

   Run the installer with administrator privileges.

<div class="alert alert-warning">

>   <strong>Note:</strong> Below, you will have to set environment variables to enable the profiler. We <strong>do not recommend</strong> setting those environment variables at machine level. If you do that, every .NET application running on the machine will be profiled and this will incur a significant overhead on the CPU and memory of your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <strong>Note:</strong> The following steps include setting environment variables to enable the profiler. Datadog <strong>do not recommend</strong> setting those environment variables at machine-level. If set at machine-level, every .NET application running on the machine is profiled and this incurs a significant overhead on the CPU and memory of your machine.
```

>   <strong>Note:</strong> The following steps include setting environment variables to enable the profiler. Datadog <strong>do not recommend</strong> setting those environment variables at machine-level. If set at machine-level, every .NET application running on the machine is profiled and this incurs a significant overhead on the CPU and memory of your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <strong>Note:</strong> The following steps include setting environment variables to enable the profiler. Datadog <strong>does not recommend</strong> setting those environment variables at machine-level. If set at machine-level, every .NET application running on the machine is profiled and this incurs a significant overhead on the CPU and memory of your machine.
```
